src/content/pages/home.md, before:

---
hero_version: 1
hero_title: Build a SaaS faster than ever
hero_description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed
  do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
  minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
  commodo consequat.
hero_image: img/serverless-saas.jpg
feature_title: Our amazing features
feature_description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit,
  sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
  minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco.
features:
  - description: >+
      Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan taxidermy.
      Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug VHS
      try-hard.

    name: Shooting Stars
  - description: >+
      Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan taxidermy.
      Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug VHS
      try-hard.

    name: The Catalyzer
  - description: Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan
      taxidermy. Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug
      VHS try-hard.
    name: Neptune
steps:
  - description: >+
      VHS cornhole pop-up, try-hard 8-bit iceland helvetica. Kinfolk bespoke
      try-hard cliche palo santo offal.

    name: STEP 1
  - description: >+
      Vice migas literally kitsch +1 pok pok. Truffaut hot chicken slow-carb
      health goth, vape typewriter.

    name: STEP 2
  - description: >+
      Coloring book nar whal glossier master cleanse umami. Salvia +1 master
      cleanse blog taiyaki.

    name: STEP 3
  - description: >+
      VHS cornhole pop-up, try-hard 8-bit iceland helvetica. Kinfolk bespoke
      try-hard cliche palo santo offal.

    name: STEP 4
  - description: >+
      Pitchfork ugh tattooed scenester echo park gastropub whatever cold-pressed
      retro.

    name: FINISH
steps_image: img/nesa-by-makers-IgUR1iX0mqM-unsplash.jpg
pricing_title: Simple Pricing
pricing_description: Start free. Upgrade whenever you want.
plans:
  - description: Try out for free
    name: Free Plan
    price: '0'
    usps:
      - Fingerstache disrupt
      - Franzen hashtag
  - description: 'For the hobbyist '
    name: Starter Plan
    price: '29'
    usps:
      - All features included in Free Plan
      - Tilde art party
      - Banh mi cornhole
  - description: For the Pros
    name: Pro Plan
    price: '49'
    usps:
      - All features included in Hobby Plan
      - Waistcoat squid hexagon
      - Pinterest occupy authentic
posts:
  - code-splitting-by-routes-and-components
  - why-side-projects-are-so-damn-important
  - here-is-what-i-learned-at-the-worlds-biggest-react-conference
team_title: Our Team of devs
team_description: Whatever cardigan tote bag tumblr hexagon brooklyn
  asymmetrical gentrify, subway tile poke farm-to-table. Franzen you probably
  haven't heard of them.
blog_title: From our blog
team:
  - name: Holden Jones
    photo: /img/ayo-ogunseinde-sibvworyqs0-unsplash.jpg
    position: Vue Developer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/ayo-ogunseinde-sibvworyqs0-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Alper Kamuu
    photo: /img/foto-sushi-6anudmpilw4-unsplash.jpg
    position: UX Designer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/foto-sushi-6anudmpilw4-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Atticus Finch
    photo: /img/kal-visuals-b1hg7qi-zcc-unsplash.jpg
    position: UI Developer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/harps-joseph-tavpde7fxgy-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Henry Letham
    photo: /img/harps-joseph-tavpde7fxgy-unsplash.jpg
    position: Designer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/kal-visuals-b1hg7qi-zcc-unsplash.jpg
blog_description: Read more about how we develop software
---

Commit message:

Add multiple sections for steps, team and blog

src/content/pages/home.md, after:

---
hero_version: 1
hero_title: Build a SaaS faster than ever
hero_description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed
  do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
  minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea
  commodo consequat.
hero_image: img/serverless-saas.jpg
feature_version: 1
feature_title: Our amazing features
feature_description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit,
  sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
  minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco.
features:
  - description: >+
      Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan taxidermy.
      Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug VHS
      try-hard.

    name: Shooting Stars
  - description: >+
      Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan taxidermy.
      Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug VHS
      try-hard.

    name: The Catalyzer
  - description: Blue bottle crucifix vinyl post-ironic four dollar toast vegan
      taxidermy. Gastropub indxgo juice poutine, ramps microdosing banh mi pug
      VHS try-hard.
    name: Neptune
steps_version: 1
steps:
  - description: >+
      VHS cornhole pop-up, try-hard 8-bit iceland helvetica. Kinfolk bespoke
      try-hard cliche palo santo offal.

    name: STEP 1
  - description: >+
      Vice migas literally kitsch +1 pok pok. Truffaut hot chicken slow-carb
      health goth, vape typewriter.

    name: STEP 2
  - description: >+
      Coloring book nar whal glossier master cleanse umami. Salvia +1 master
      cleanse blog taiyaki.

    name: STEP 3
  - description: >+
      VHS cornhole pop-up, try-hard 8-bit iceland helvetica. Kinfolk bespoke
      try-hard cliche palo santo offal.

    name: STEP 4
  - description: >+
      Pitchfork ugh tattooed scenester echo park gastropub whatever cold-pressed
      retro.

    name: FINISH
steps_image: img/nesa-by-makers-IgUR1iX0mqM-unsplash.jpg
pricing_title: Simple Pricing
pricing_description: Start free. Upgrade whenever you want.
plans:
  - description: Try out for free
    name: Free Plan
    price: '0'
    usps:
      - Fingerstache disrupt
      - Franzen hashtag
  - description: 'For the hobbyist '
    name: Starter Plan
    price: '29'
    usps:
      - All features included in Free Plan
      - Tilde art party
      - Banh mi cornhole
  - description: For the Pros
    name: Pro Plan
    price: '49'
    usps:
      - All features included in Hobby Plan
      - Waistcoat squid hexagon
      - Pinterest occupy authentic
team_version: 1
team_title: Our Team of devs
team_description: Whatever cardigan tote bag tumblr hexagon brooklyn
  asymmetrical gentrify, subway tile poke farm-to-table. Franzen you probably
  haven't heard of them.
team:
  - name: Holden Jones
    photo: /img/ayo-ogunseinde-sibvworyqs0-unsplash.jpg
    position: Vue Developer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/ayo-ogunseinde-sibvworyqs0-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Alper Kamuu
    photo: /img/foto-sushi-6anudmpilw4-unsplash.jpg
    position: UX Designer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/foto-sushi-6anudmpilw4-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Atticus Finch
    photo: /img/kal-visuals-b1hg7qi-zcc-unsplash.jpg
    position: UI Developer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/harps-joseph-tavpde7fxgy-unsplash.jpg
  - name: Henry Letham
    photo: /img/harps-joseph-tavpde7fxgy-unsplash.jpg
    position: Designer
    description:
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vivamus
      mauris erat, porttitor eleifend elit sed, maximus imperdiet risus. Cras
      elit felis, feugiat sit amet rhoncus sed, rhoncus eu ipsum.
    image: img/kal-visuals-b1hg7qi-zcc-unsplash.jpg
blog_version: 1
blog_title: From our blog
blog_description: Read more about how we develop software
posts:
  - code-splitting-by-routes-and-components
  - why-side-projects-are-so-damn-important
  - here-is-what-i-learned-at-the-worlds-biggest-react-conference
---
